Update the description of `tidb_distsql_scan_concurrency` (#4401)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- This variable is used to set the concurrency of the `scan` operation.
- Use a bigger value in OLAP scenarios, and a smaller value in OLTP scenarios.
- For OLAP scenarios, the maximum value cannot exceed the number of CPU cores of all the TiKV nodes.

> - If the tables have quite a lot partitions, reduce the value appropriately to avoid TiKV becoming OOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a table has a lot of partitions, you can reduce the variable value appropriately to avoid TiKV becoming Out of Memory (OOM).
```

Author: Seems like it is unnecessary to uppercase "out of memory" here？It is used much more as a part of the sentence, not a proper noun.

Reviewer: OK, comment changed,
